God will order here
If you don't give me back
Is it possible for God to make it impossible?
Citi Moon, if you dare to take a fake token
I will take you down as a fellow thief
This kid will also be more guilty
Been with this kid for a long time
I also like to play tricks with fakes
I really don't know what's so good about this kid
We Wang San Shao are also a generation of young talents
Hmph, so blind
Wang Zhongqi
I advise you to take a good look to see if it is true
How do you have this thing?
Second cousin, what's the matter with you?
It has purple-gold dragon scales on it.
This is a genuine decree of God
Impossible, why does he have a divine decree?
Did he steal it?
Don't use your dark heart
To steal the experience of others
This token was given to me by Heaven Dou
Why did Heaven Dou give you this token?
Obviously you are also misbehaving
Also take care of the little white face
How can you judge the resolution of Heaven Dou?
Come to offend the Heaven Dou God General
Tow it out and recharge 200.
Not impossible
That green card must be fake let me go
Get out of here, there must be a shady scene
Is it your fault?
Yes, the result of the election is meaningful, you can talk to me.